Main - General
Results and discussion were not graded.
Expand on this.
Improper grammar.
Spelling.
This is confusing.
What does this mean?
What about heart rate?
What about blood pressure?
Good.
Use past tense.
Main - Title
Good title.
Title should be more descriptive.
Main - Introduction
Sub - Background:
This information is very basic and should be removed.
This is not relevant to your experiment, but it is okay to include it.
You need to include background information about the relationship between heart function (or possibly human health) and your treatment. To do this you should cite two to three sources. One good source of background information is citing the results of experiments that are similar to yours.
Good use of background information.
Add one or two more sources and be more detailed
Sub - Hypothesis
What is your prediction? What is the research hypothesis? What is the null hypothesis?
What is your prediction? What is your research hypothesis?
What is the null hypothesis?
Good prediction. What is your research hypothesis? What is the null hypothesis?
Good prediction, but what is your research hypothesis?
This is a prediction. What is your research hypothesis?
Good hypothesis. What is your prediction?
Sub - Significance:
Good significance of your experiment.
What is the significance of your experiment?
Main - Methods
Sub - How-to/analysis
What about the basal measurements?
Under what conditions were baseline readings taken?
How was your data analyzed?
Were different students used in the control and treatment groups?
Sub - Variables
What are your dependent, independent, and standardized variables?
Your variables are incorrect.
Good standardized variables. What's one more?
Main - Wrong Place:
This belongs in your Methods section.
This belongs in your Introduciton section.
Main - Citations:
You need to include a Literature Cited section. Use the Council of Science Editors citation style, as given on page 213 of your lab book.
Use the Council of Science Editors citation style, as given on page 213 of your lab book.
In-text citations should include the year.
Main - Quotes:
Quotes are not permitted in this lab report and result in a score of 0 for this portion of the lab report. See page 214 of your lab book.
